# Social Media Content Analysis

## Project Overview
Completed a project as part of the Accenture Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation, utilizing Excel for data cleaning, modeling, and visualization tasks. The project focuses on transforming raw data into actionable insights, presenting results through effective storytelling techniques for a client-focused presentation.

### Data Sources
There were 3 primary datasets used for this analysis,namely: "Content.csv" file, "Reactions.csv" file and "Reaction Types.csv" file. Each contained detailed and relevant information about the content generated by the client's platform.  

### Tools
- Excel - Data cleaning, Data Analysis,& data visualization
- Power Point - creating the presentation

### Data Cleaning/Preparation
In the initial data preparation phase, we performed the following tasks:
1. Data loading and Inspection.
2. Handling missing values.
3. Handling duplicates
4. Data formatting
   
### Data Modelling
- Using a **data model**, I identified which datasets would be required to answer the client's business question. (A **data model**, shows the relationships between all of the datasets, as well as any links that you can use to merge tables).
- **Reaction** table was used as the base table, then proceeded to join the relevant columns from the **"Content dataset"** & **"Reaction Types dataset"** using **VLookUp** formula.
- The end result was one spreadsheet containing a new cleaned dataset that was used for the analysis. This new dataset is named "Clean dataset.csv".

### Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
EDA involved exploring the dataset to answer key questions such as:
- what were the top 5 most popular content categories?
- How many unique categories are there?
- How many reactions are there to the 

### Data Analysis
Excel was used for the data analysis.

### Results/ Findings

### Recommendations

### Limitations
